fix: preserve the order of shapes in `partition_pptx` output (#193)
Unstructured-IO/unstructured: CHANGELOG.md

* Checks that titles and narrative text are at least 50% alpha characters.
* Restricts titles to a maximum word length. Adds a `UNSTRUCTURED_TITLE_MAX_WORD_LENGTH`
  environment variable for controlling the max number of words in a title.

> * Updated `partition_pptx` to order the elementso n the page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated `partition_pptx` to order the elements on the page
```
